Problem C
King’s Wish 
Input: Standard Input 
Output: Standard Output 
Once there was a king in a country far far away. He had his own sense of beauty and 
some knowledge in mathematics. He built a large hall room for his meetings which is 
square shaped and had a length of K. The king wanted to cover the floor of the hall 
with tiles. But he was interested to make his room special, so he imposed the 
following conditions on tile size: 
-  Tiles must be of rectangular (square shape is not allowed) shape of length L
and width W. Both must be integer and Lmust be strictly greater than W(L> 
W). (What is the point of filling squareshape room with square shape tile?) 
-  The length of the tile Lmust be strictly less than K(L< K). (The beauty of 
tiling loses if one tile covers the entire length). 
-  The room must be covered with integer number of complete tiles. Tiles are not 
allowed to be broken. Also, tiles must not overlap. However, tiles can be put 
both horizontally and vertically. 
-  One should not be able to fill a square whose side is less than Kusing the tile 
of (L, W) size. For example, if K = 6, you cannot use (2, 1) tile as you can fill 
4x4 square with it. (The king does not like smaller replica of his room with 
same size of tile). 
-  The king likes stripe shape, so among all possibilities that comply all the 
above conditions, the king would like to have the one which has the largest 
difference between length and width, in other words, for which (L– W) is 
maximized. If there is still a tie, the king would choose the one that that has 
larger perimeter. 
The designer was in a fix looking at all these conditions. However he was also good 
enough with mathematics and after some dayshe could come up with a solution to 
make the king happy. 
In this problem you have to do the same task. Given the value of Kyou must 
determine length Land width Wof the desired tile. 
Input 
The first line of input will be an integer T(T< 1000) denoting the number of test 
cases. Each of the following lineswill contain a positive integer K(K< 10
12
) 
denoting the length of the square. 
Output 
For each Kproduce one line of output starting with the case number in the format 
“Case d: “, where dis input number starting from 1. Then output two integers Land 
Wwhich denote the length and width of the tile respectively separated by a space. If 
it is impossible to find tile sizes that fulfills all the conditions above, print the string 
“Impossible”instead. See sample inputoutput for more detail. 
Sample Input     Output for Sample Input 
3 
18 
13 
2695 
Case 1: 9 2 
Case 2: Impossible 
Case 3: 539 5 
Problemsetter: Towhidul Islam Talukder 
Special Thanks to: Jane Alam Jan 